but there is one truth that you have to
burn into your nervous system
I cannot remember where I first heard
this but your network is your net worth
the people that unique the relationships
that you cultivate they are going to be
that next phase in your development they
are going to be that next relationship
that next partnership that next thing
introduction that turns into something
that allows you to scale and grow and
get beyond yourself because that is the
thing about scaling you will never scale
if it's just you you have no leverage
you've got to meet other people that can
get the ball rolling that can introduce
you that can give you that key piece of
information that you need to really go
on and do something so get out there
meet people be yourself
let your freak flag fly introduce
yourself in super awkwardly next
to somebody that you want to meet like I
did tonight and just say what's up
introduce yourself tell them what you up
to and if you want to be interesting be
interested have them find out what
they're about find out what makes them
tick that's a secret that'll get them
rolling and then you can see if there's
a real connection and if there is from
that something can build so get out
there
[Music]